Keeping blinds closed during the hottest parts of the day to limit excess heat in the summer is a way to conserve energy;True
A bike repair station is located between ASC and O'Shaughnessy Stadium;True
The water that collects in the storm drains located on campus and the surrounding streets ends up in the Mississippi River;True
Plastic bags can be recycled in the blue recycling bins around campus;False
At St. Thomas, items that are placed in the green organics recycling bins are turned into compost that can be used in gardens and lawns;True
The Pollinator Path is a series of gardens around campus which attract pollinators and support the study of pollinator activity on campus;True
In The View and the Northsider, you can mix and match food from different stations to make the perfect meal for you;True
The Sustainability Scholars research designation through the Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program is open to students in all fields and majors;True
Tommies Closet is a monthly pop-up that allows students to shop for secondhand clothes donated by fellow Tommies for a discount prices;False
Plastic bags are accepted for recycling at the specialized recycling stations on campus;True
What is the name of the series of gardens around campus that attract pollinators and supports the study of pollinator activity on campus? A. Bee Garden B. Pollinator Path C. Butterfly Garden D. Bee Path;B
Which of the following is NOT a helpful tip for reducing food waste? A. Storing produce properly.B. Planning meals at the beginning of the week.C. Only purchasing what you need.D. Storing all items from the store in the refrigerator.;D
Which of the following is NOT a way to conserve water?A. Eating more plant-based meals.B. Taking shorter showers.C. Leaving the sink on while brushing your teeth.D. Only washing full loads of laundry.;C
Dining Services reduces waste by..A. Safely recovering leftover food to be donated.B. Offering reusable to-go containers in T's.C. Offering a discount for bringing your own reusable cup to campus coffee shops.D. All of the above;D
Where is there a specialized recycling bin located on campus?A. Outside the Campus Store in Murray-HerrickB. In the entrance to the Facilities & Design CenterC. In the create[space]D. All of the above;D
Which of the following is NOT a way to conserve energy?A. Unplugging any devices when not in use.B. Turning off lights when leaving the room.C. Keeping windows closed to retain heat indoors in the winter.D. Washing laundry in small loads instead of full loads;D
Where is there a bike repair station located on campus? A. On the south side of O'Shaughnessy Stadium.B. Inside the secure bike storage in Frey Residence Hall.C. Inside the secure bike storage in Schoenecker Hall North. D. All of the above.;D
The Sustainability minor is available to students in which of the following fields?A. Arts and SciencesB. EngineeringC. BusinessD. All of the above and more;D
At St. Thomas, the following items are accepted for recycling in the blue recycling bins around campusA. GlassB. LightbulbsC. Plastic bagsD. Batteries;A
All of the following items are accepted for organics recycling (compost), EXCEPTA. All food scraps B. NapkinsC. All paper cupsD. Flower trimmings;C

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 